We are almost done with this remote cluster setup.
We just have to go through a handful of additional steps.
So I listed the steps out right here just so it's really clear exactly what we have to do.
As a quick reminder, we're going to use Google Cloud Built to build all of our images from now on.
So we spoke about that when we were taking a look at this diagram right here.
So Google Cloud Build is going to be in charge of building all of our images using our source code in
their accompanying Docker file.
And again, the reason we are doing this is because Google Cloud Build can generally build these images
more quickly than we can on our local machine, particularly as we get on to some stuff later on where
we're going to be downloading some rather large dependencies.
You'll see why when we get to that point.
After that, we're going to update our scaffold YAML file to tell it to use Google Cloud Build.
That's going to be a very, very easy update.
Don't worry.
That's not challenging at all.
After that, we're going to make sure that we set up Ingress Engine X on our Google Cloud Cluster.
So we set up Ingress Engine X on our local cluster, but none of that configuration carries over to
the cluster that we just created.
We have to go through those same initialization commands that we ran a while ago on our local machine.
After that, we're going to update our host file again yet again, because we need to make sure that
whenever we go to ticketing dev, we no longer go to our local machine.
Instead, we want to go to the IP address that's been assigned to our remote cluster.
And then finally we will go ahead and restart scaffold and we'll start to build all these images and
all that kind of stuff.
So let's go through the step by step.
We're going to first enable Google Cloud build.
So back at my Google Cloud console, I'm going to go to the menu once again on the top left.
I'll then scroll down a pretty good bit until I find tools right here.
A click on Cloud Built.
And then we'll click on Enable.
And that should be it.
Now, this might take a couple of seconds, so we'll just go ahead and let it do its thing while that
is running.
Let's go back over to our code editor where we are going to update our scaffolding HTML file.
And again, we're going to tell it that we want it to use Google Cloud built.
So I'm going to open up my editor.
I've already got my scaffold file open right here.
We're going to make just two small changes inside of here.
So first off, I'm going to find where we specify the build section and then right after where it says
local push false.
I'm going to add in a new section that says Google Cloud Build.
I'll then specify a project ID.
Notice that the DH in ID is lowercase.
And then we're going to enter our project ID right there.
Now, remember, our actual project ID is not exactly what it says at the top left hand side, it is
not ticketing diff.
Instead, we probably got assigned to you probably as well, got assigned an ID randomly and that's
what you see over here on the right hand column.
So I'm going to take that ID, copy it.
And then paste it over at Project ID.
Then after that, we're also going to update the image.
Right there.
So we kind of randomly decided on that name.
The first part of the image name makes a lot of sense.
It's our Docker ID.
But the second part is again, more or less random.
When we pass this building process off to Google Cloud built.
So the thing that we were just at this thing right here, it looks like the API has now been enabled.
Google Cloud Build is going to essentially more or less assign a somewhat random name.
Let's not really random.
It is a structured name to the images that it builds.
So we need to specify the image name that Google Cloud is going to assign to our image when it gets
built.
The formats that Google Cloud uses to decide what to call your image is always the exact same format.
It is always going to be us dot gcr, dot io slash then the name of your project.
So you're going to put the name of the project ID so you're going to put your project ID the same thing
we just pasted in a moment ago right after that slash.
And then after that we'll put in the name of our project directory.
So in this case it's off.
So I'll put in off over there.
And that's it.
Okay.
So I'm going to save this file.
And that's all we should have to change inside of our scaffold e-mail file.
I'm then going to go back over to my diagram really quickly.
So we just achieved step one and step two right there.
So let's take another brief pause and we'll make sure that we do that initial setup of Ingress Engine
X on our Google Cloud cluster again in the next video.